Add missing methods to `collections` classes (#6388)
python/typeshed: tests/stubtest_allowlists/py3_common.txt

codecs.CodecInfo.streamwriter
# Coroutine and Generator properties are added programmatically
collections.ChainMap.get  # Adding None to the underlying Mapping Union messed up mypy

> collections.ChainMap.fromkeys  # Both args need to be pos-only, but stubtest complains

Reviewer: ```suggestion
collections.ChainMap.fromkeys  # Runtime has *args which can really only be one argument
```
